The Taego order is one of the largest Zen orders in the world. Th T g Od T gi g I. th nd I gest d rea and the oldest lineage of Son (Korean Zen). They have over 3,100 Zen Monasteries and the very large, beautiful Seonanna Monastery of Chogye Mountain is one of the places Westerners go to for training in Zen Meditation. Seonamsa is located in the South Cholla province in Sunchum and it was built in 529 CE The 1600 yew Taego order is growing rapidly now in the West in part because of its unique seminary and dharma instructor program. It also allows ordained Zen Monks to marry with the belief that a married monk can be a great asset in teaching Zen Meditation, sharing the Dharma and in counseling with the lay community. Currently about half of all Taego monks are married and half of the monks are celibate. 

The Taego Zen Order teaches compassion in all its forms, and Mat every being is precious. It emphasizes service and the need to contribute to others unconditionally rather than convert others. If s a tradition that urges each of us to do the work needed to transform our own lives, while also taking time to care for others (as promoted in the Vimalakirti Sutra). It emphasizes meditation, cultivation, compassion, self-mastery, humility, self-reliance, simplicity, nonviolence and enlightenment. 

Zen is the study of the self. There isno mysticism in Zen meditation. It is used merely as a tool and a science of mind that transcends psychology. Not only does it help a person understand more deeply their true nature, it also teaches one how to uproot the cause of suffering at a deep level and gain mastery over the mind. With practice. the heart opens and addictions, ill will and craving, start to fall away. People from many different religious and cultural backgrounds study Zen. It senesa great need. Ultimata, world peace can only be achieved if we first establish peace within our own minds. 

When a student is truly ready, with prope grsd ce, th original inner peace and purity of mind can be brought fourth, regardless of religion or creed. The problems of mental impurities is not sectarian, and as such the remedy can't be sectarian. When the mind is at peace, the world too is at peace. Zen is Universal All wrong doing arises because of mind, With our thoughts, we make for destroy) the world. If mind (hears) is nsfonned, can wrong doing remain) 

There is a bright pearl within mg Buried for a long time under dust. Today, the dust is gone and the light radiates, Shirley through all the mountains and doers. Master itch of Clga-ling 
The mind is an organ of thought and objects are set against it. The two are like marks on the surface of the mirror, 





