Becoming a Taego Zen Priest or Zen Meditation / Dharma teacher is truly a meaningful and worthwhile way to serve and grow.  We offer a full Seminary program, retreats and teacher training in Korea, Europe and North America.  Our seminary program through I.B.S. is uniquely designed for people that would like to train in our 1600 year old Taego Zen tradition and not have to renounce their worldly life pursuits. There is a great need for qualified Zen Priests and meditation centers.  For information on how to become a part of our growing order in the West please contact Ven. Dr. Jongmae Park (Bishop of the Taego overseas parish) at jongmae@lmu.edu 

Taego Zen Monasteries have now spread around the world.  This is due in part to the creation of  ‘The Institute of Eastern / Buddhist Studies' (I.B.S.). Prior to 2004 the order consisted almost entirely of Korean monks.  This was because the Taego constitution requires all monks to go to Seminary College and graduate with an extensive education before being able to fully ordain.  This made it difficult for Westerners to become Taego Zen monks because the College and University programs were only taught in the Korean language.  This meant they (all non Koreans) had to first learn the language and then go to school full time in Korea for 4 years.  That made for quite a challenge.

This all changed with the formation of the Institute of Eastern / Buddhist Studies. In 1999, Ven. Dr. Jongmae Park, a Buddhist Director at the University of Southern California (USC) wrote an entire program including the full history of Korean Zen and weaved it into the IBS curriculum.  In 2007, he made the program available as a ‘home study’ course and the program was accepted in the Taego constitution as ‘equivalent’ to taking the Taego program in Korea. Thus, for the first time in the history of Korean Zen, Westerners were able to be schooled in English (and other languages) and to train as equals with Korean Taego Zen monks in Korea after graduation.  They are also trained in temple retreat programs in the West under Ven. Dr. Jongmae Park and his senior disciples. 
Several times a year a new group of IBS graduates travel to South Korea for a temple training program and full Taego ordination with their Korean counterparts.  People are now taking the course from the comfort of their homes in countries throughout Europe and North America.  Ordained ‘Western’ Taego monks travel regularly to stay and train with their brother and sister Taego monks in Korea. They are warmly welcomed as family and as ‘the official representatives of the Taego order outside of Korea.’

First one must study a two-year course at the Institute for Eastern / Buddhist Studies Austria, http://www.wbu-austria.com/.  This  is the official seminary (for foreigners) of the Taego Order where students can learn through either an English or German site. After completing the curriculum required by IBS Austria, then the Taego Order will bestow the qualification of Samanera (for male) or Samaneri (for female) under the Taego Order’s Ordination Council.
The Institute for Eastern / Buddhist Studies Austria is also affiliated with the W.B.U., which is located in Bangkok, Thailand. The WBU is an authentic, academic University / institution under the WFB. Therefore, when students have completed a course via IBS Austria, then IBS Austria will bestow a diploma that has been signed by the WBU.
If any foreigner is interested in becoming either a Zen Priest / Monk or a Dharma Instructor in the Korean Buddhist Taego Order, then please search the official site of IBS Austria.
IBS Austria Web: www.wbu-austria.com 
IBS Contact: office@wbu-austria.com Secretary General Myo Hyon Karin Sima-Seth
