In Brampton, classes are every Tuesdays (8.00 pm) and on Sunday mornings (1000 am) at Red Dm, 12 Fisherman Drive. Sunday morning also includes Dhamma talk, meditation and tea. `VOA MORE INFORMATION JOIN US ON MEETUP. On our MERLIN page you will also find lots of helpful Mind-Body Medicine tips, research and insights, food based healing protocols, Zen Quotes, etc (See 'Ideas' and 'Discussion'). Go to: meetup link

Unity Church: ""Pon Klie (Bad Stress Out) Zen Qi-Gong Class M now offered every other Saturday morning (10(00 am) at Unity Church in Mississauga. The Unity Church of Mississauga m located at 3075 Ridgeway Drive, Unit #10, Mississauga, ON L5L 5M6. See MEETUP Page for dates and times (httpdrwww.meetup.com/Qi-Gong-Zen-Healing). Call 905-915-3017 for information

Hae Kwang (Robert) Sunim will be teaching "Soft' Pon Klie Qi-Gong and Meditation also at WELLSPRING, a network of cancer support centres. Wellspring programs are free of charge and open to individuals and caregivers who are coping with any type of cancer, at any stage. For more information see: hoop:/ rwellspring.cardinguacousy-brampton/locations.html

The Base Program: In addition to improved fintness and flexibility, Pon Klie Zen Qi-gong helps the body and and mind release built up stress and tension. Each class includes core body exercises, Yoga, Taichi and Meditation. The class is further enhanced with key Qi-Gong Qi Vitality (Life Force Energy). First Class is free, just show up. 

As acclaimed cardiovascular surgeon Dr. Mehmet Oz, vice-chair and professor of surgery at ovascalar Institute and Complementary Hospital writes in his best selling book lit Me day to day snuggle of being human -red in both mind and body." On the Ophra e may, "If you want to be healthy and live to Mat Qi-gong 'emcees the aging process. 

Parts of the Pon Klie Zen Qi-Gong Class we modeled off of the Mind-Body Wellness Program taught at the Stress Reduction Clinic at the University of Massachusetts Medical Center. The mindfulness based stress reduction techniques come from Dr. Pingmae Park of Loyola Marymouss University. During the class, cares and troubles wash away. Replacing them are positive images, increased confidence and peace of mind. 

Near the end of earn class the goal is for participants to attain the full 'relaxation response' and it's that response that helps release the feel good endorphins. Why is this important? Endorphins encourage white blood cells and white blood cells help the body fight infection and disease. According to Dr. Benson, "repeated activation of the relaxation response can reverse sustained problems in the body and mend the internal wear and tear brought on by stress." 


PK Mindfullness Training with Hae Kwang Robert Sunim 
By focusing our radiance inward with PKM we begin to discover the nature of mind and we learn to 'let go' more easily. Much of the content that bubbles up in the mind is actually repetitive and for some - quite judgmental, filled with expectations and not very supportive. When 'untrained', it can be a tyrant and lead to pain within us and to those around us and so quicldy scatter and dissipate our energy. When SIdllfully trained' however, it can support us in our daily life and help us to preserve our vital energy. PKM involves the practice of 'putting down' and bringing the mind back home. This is the first step in breaking down the walls of straggle and seeing the root-the inner voice in the head that we take to be who we are.

Over time one becomes more skillful at putting down addictive thinking (and the identification to it) and is able to go deeper into stillness, rest the nervous system and move closer to who they really are at the depth of their being. 


Who Am I? In this series we dissect 'meditation and look at how Zen helps us to transcend our ego-based state of consciousness. Negative mind states like envy and resentment that bubble up in the mind are born from the ego. Understanding the practice and implementing it in our lives is a key not only for personal happiness and greater peace in our life but also for reducing the level of violent conflicts on our planet. If more people practiced this technique and understood their ultimate connection to all that is, the world would be at peace. As one great Zen Master said "World peace is Zen." Beyond identification with a per.nal 'tribal' history, who am I? Zen practice is about understanding yourself. ***Held at the Thai Yoga Room 

NOTE Medical research has shown that meditation can be a significant part of a wellness program, lowering stress levels and blood pressure, promoting .rdiovascular and neurological health, enhancing alertness, boosting immune system function and overall well being. When we know our minds well and the emotions that our thinking creates  we are able to consciously dial down the adrenaline and tension in the body and increase endorphins, centeredness and cola. This meditation training blends well with other wellness programs, methods, and disciplines. It is fully compatible with and respectful of the world's great religious traditions. 